# databricks_jobs.model.cluster_event_type.ClusterEventType

* `CREATING`: Indicates that the cluster is being created. * `DID_NOT_EXPAND_DISK`: Indicates that a disk is low on space, but adding disks would put it over the max capacity. * `EXPANDED_DISK`: Indicates that a disk was low on space and the disks were expanded. * `FAILED_TO_EXPAND_DISK`: Indicates that a disk was low on space and disk space could not be expanded. * `INIT_SCRIPTS_STARTING`: Indicates that the cluster scoped init script has started. * `INIT_SCRIPTS_FINISHED`: Indicates that the cluster scoped init script has finished. * `STARTING`: Indicates that the cluster is being started. * `RESTARTING`: Indicates that the cluster is being started. * `TERMINATING`: Indicates that the cluster is being terminated. * `EDITED`: Indicates that the cluster has been edited. * `RUNNING`: Indicates the cluster has finished being created. Includes the number of nodes in the cluster and a failure reason if some nodes could not be acquired. * `RESIZING`: Indicates a change in the target size of the cluster (upsize or downsize). * `UPSIZE_COMPLETED`: Indicates that nodes finished being added to the cluster. Includes the number of nodes in the cluster and a failure reason if some nodes could not be acquired. * `NODES_LOST`: Indicates that some nodes were lost from the cluster. * `DRIVER_HEALTHY`: Indicates that the driver is healthy and the cluster is ready for use. * `DRIVER_UNAVAILABLE`: Indicates that the driver is unavailable. * `SPARK_EXCEPTION`: Indicates that a Spark exception was thrown from the driver. * `DRIVER_NOT_RESPONDING`: Indicates that the driver is up but is not responsive, likely due to GC. * `DBFS_DOWN`: Indicates that the driver is up but DBFS is down. * `METASTORE_DOWN`: Indicates that the driver is up but the metastore is down. * `NODE_BLACKLISTED`: Indicates that a node is not allowed by Spark. * `PINNED`: Indicates that the cluster was pinned. * `UNPINNED`: Indicates that the cluster was unpinned.

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
str,  | str,  | * &#x60;CREATING&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster is being created. * &#x60;DID_NOT_EXPAND_DISK&#x60;: Indicates that a disk is low on space, but adding disks would put it over the max capacity. * &#x60;EXPANDED_DISK&#x60;: Indicates that a disk was low on space and the disks were expanded. * &#x60;FAILED_TO_EXPAND_DISK&#x60;: Indicates that a disk was low on space and disk space could not be expanded. * &#x60;INIT_SCRIPTS_STARTING&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster scoped init script has started. * &#x60;INIT_SCRIPTS_FINISHED&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster scoped init script has finished. * &#x60;STARTING&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster is being started. * &#x60;RESTARTING&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster is being started. * &#x60;TERMINATING&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster is being terminated. * &#x60;EDITED&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster has been edited. * &#x60;RUNNING&#x60;: Indicates the cluster has finished being created. Includes the number of nodes in the cluster and a failure reason if some nodes could not be acquired. * &#x60;RESIZING&#x60;: Indicates a change in the target size of the cluster (upsize or downsize). * &#x60;UPSIZE_COMPLETED&#x60;: Indicates that nodes finished being added to the cluster. Includes the number of nodes in the cluster and a failure reason if some nodes could not be acquired. * &#x60;NODES_LOST&#x60;: Indicates that some nodes were lost from the cluster. * &#x60;DRIVER_HEALTHY&#x60;: Indicates that the driver is healthy and the cluster is ready for use. * &#x60;DRIVER_UNAVAILABLE&#x60;: Indicates that the driver is unavailable. * &#x60;SPARK_EXCEPTION&#x60;: Indicates that a Spark exception was thrown from the driver. * &#x60;DRIVER_NOT_RESPONDING&#x60;: Indicates that the driver is up but is not responsive, likely due to GC. * &#x60;DBFS_DOWN&#x60;: Indicates that the driver is up but DBFS is down. * &#x60;METASTORE_DOWN&#x60;: Indicates that the driver is up but the metastore is down. * &#x60;NODE_BLACKLISTED&#x60;: Indicates that a node is not allowed by Spark. * &#x60;PINNED&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster was pinned. * &#x60;UNPINNED&#x60;: Indicates that the cluster was unpinned. | must be one of ["CREATING", "DID_NOT_EXPAND_DISK", "EXPANDED_DISK", "FAILED_TO_EXPAND_DISK", "INIT_SCRIPTS_STARTING", "INIT_SCRIPTS_FINISHED", "STARTING", "RESTARTING", "TERMINATING", "EDITED", "RUNNING", "RESIZING", "UPSIZE_COMPLETED", "NODES_LOST", "DRIVER_HEALTHY", "DRIVER_UNAVAILABLE", "SPARK_EXCEPTION", "DRIVER_NOT_RESPONDING", "DBFS_DOWN", "METASTORE_DOWN", "NODE_BLACKLISTED", "PINNED", "UNPINNED", ] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

